Controls:

Mouse:
1)Scroll up/down to zoom in and zoom out
2)Right click and drag to pan the scene
3)Left click anywhere on the screen to get the cannon ready, and release to launch a cannonball

Keyboard:
1)'R' to reset the cannonball so it can be launched again if you are in a hurry
2)'UP' to zoom in
3)'DOWN' to zoom out
4)'RIGHT' to pan right
5)'LEFT' to pan left
6)'N' to pan up
7)'M' to pan down
8)'SPACE' to launch the cannon
9)'S' to decrease the launch power
10)'F' to increase the launch power
11)'A' to increase the launch angle
12)'B' to decrease the launch angle


About the game:

1)Get a score as high as possible.
2)There are coins scattered around collecting which give you a 100 points
3)There is a switch in the game which the cannonball can activate (by jumping on it), this would give you the locations of the 3 goals. These goals each give you 200 points.
4)Killing a pig gives you a 100 points
5)Breaking boxes would give you 50 points


Features:

1)No images used anywhere in the game. Everything is create by using shapes in openGL. This ensures the loading of the game is quick and efficient.
2)Rendered text/numbers without the help of any libraries (only using shapes).
3)A power bar on the top left of the screen.
4)Cannon recoil after firing a shot.
5)Collision using boxes(not circles), this is a lot more effective when blocks are of uneven size.
6)Small animations where pigs/boxes rotate/topple over and pigs get black eyes indicating their health.
7)Used elastic collisions between movable objects and laws or reflection for collisions with immovable objects.
8)A switch/button which unlocks goals.


Note:

All objects are sorted into different layers. Each layer is drawn one at a time. Some layers are more prefered and will be drawn last (Like the pig layers) whereas others will be drawn earlier (Like the background layer). Within a layer objects are drawn in a lexicographical order. These two together give you the ability to draw complex objects with ease.
